[![Development branch](https://github.com/NiallScott/MyBusEdinburgh/actions/workflows/push-and-pull-request.yml/badge.svg?branch=development)](https://github.com/NiallScott/MyBusEdinburgh/actions/workflows/push-and-pull-request.yml)

My Bus Edinburgh
================

Introduction
------------
This is the open source project for the "My Bus Edinburgh" Android application.

My Bus Edinburgh is an application for the Android platform of mobile devices. It allows users to
check the next departures of bus services at most bus stops served by Lothian Buses and Edinburgh
Trams. Users can save and maintain a list of favourite stops, view bus stops on a Google Maps view
and the user may change a number of preferences.

As this is the source code hosting service for this project, these pages most likely wont interest
you unless you're a developer. To find out more about the application, please visit
[the website](http://www.rivernile.org.uk/bustracker/) or find out the latest news by visiting the
[Twitter feed](https://www.twitter.com/MyBusEdinburgh).

This project utilises the Edinburgh Bus Tracker service provided by the City of Edinburgh Council.
This project started its life as the dissertation project for the author's BSc (Hons) Computer
Science final year dissertation at Heriot-Watt University, Edinburgh, in 2009.

Obtaining
---------
The application is available to download in the Google Play Store under the name "My Bus Edinburgh".
The package name is uk.org.rivernile.edinburghbustracker.android. Here is a direct link to the app
in the Google Play Store:
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=uk.org.rivernile.edinburghbustracker.android

Latest Version
--------------
The latest stable version of the application is 2.2.4. To see what has changed between versions,
please see the change log.

As of version 2.2.3, Android 2.2 (API level 8) is required as the minimum platform version, as well
as devices that support OpenGL ES 2. If your device uses a version prior to this, it is possible to
install an older version of the application.

Developers
----------
Developers are welcome to clone or fork this repository. The master branch is generally that of the
last released version, where as new work is merged in to development which is then merged in to
master at release time. A building guide will be written in the near future.

Donations
---------
The application is made available free of charge to everyone and the source code is freely
available. Of course, as Android runs on hundreds of different devices then lots of testing needs to
be done. It is impossible to test every device but donations go a long way to be able to buy test
gear and cover any other costs of the project (hosting, initial Android Market sign up fee).

If you would like to make a donation, please get it touch. Any amount will be gratefully
appreciated.

So far, a single entity has made a donation. A big thanks goes to Connexionz UK for providing some
money which will go towards future test hardware.
